sup guys today i'm going to be reviewing
the seeker solid marker when you get
first get the sakura you evil start off
at with a bullet and as you write it
gets smaller and smaller but it's it
doesn't it doesn't um it doesn't run out
fast it lasts is really for a really
long time I see it unless you push down
really hard you you barely have to push
you get a good color depends what you're
writing mine you're if you're using a
fluorescent on like I am you're probably
not going to be wanting to write on
something like this going to want to
write something like dark gonna be
really dark like black brown stuff like
that maybe white well um it's very
opaque it comes with um variety of
colors it's easy to use waterproof it
marks on most surfaces right son pretty
much anything and it it snug doesn't
really fade yeah I none of my knife
faded I heard it three more of these I
love these these are putting on to my
favorite solid markers um yeah so I
ordered three more let's see how our
rates see nice opaque let's do one much
that's without going back and forth
these are great for cutting just keep
them in your pocket really small one and
as it grinds down you turn the bottom
for it to the top to grill yeah let's
really long time I guess that really
nice very opaque however my could
recommend these they're very cheap
they're like I think like three dollars
yeah all around just a great marker I
have no downsides on it maybe if they I
seriously have no reason not to like
these markers is a really nice very
opaque I just all around just a great
marker just just get them first I didn't
get them anything they will be all that
good I ordered one or did this one and I
love it start it let's try it I almost
guarantee you'll love it very nice okay
later guys